>> Nina Zakharenko: So the next section is
something that people tend to be very very
afraid of, and that's git rebase.
Show of hands.
How many of you have done a rebase before?
Just one?
>> Nina Zakharenko: You're too scared?
You won't be scared anymore, I promise.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So rebasing.
Before I'm gonna talk about rebasing,
I wanna talk about amending a commit.
How many of you have amended a commit
with the git commit --amend flag?
You don't know?
Just one?
Two?
Okay, so amend is a quick and
easy shortcut that let's us make
changes to the previous commit.
So in this example, I made a commit and
blog post about Python.
But oops,
I actually forgot to add the blog post.
I committed index but not the post itself.
So then, I'm gonna add the post and
git commit amend.
--git commit --amend.
What that's gonna do is
>> Nina Zakharenko: It's
going to add that file to the last commit.
But if we look at the SHAs,
we'll see that the message is the same.
It's both'add a blog, post about Python,
but the SHAs are different.
Why is that?
Does anyone remember from early on?
>> off screen: The key value thing.
If the value changes,
you have to have a different key.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Exactly,
commits can't be edited.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Because a commit
is referenced by the SHA of everything
that's in it.
Even if the tree's the same, everything's
the same, the date is gonna be different.
So we're gonna create a new commit, and
that's going to look something like this.
We had our original commit.
Afterwards, we're adding a new commit,
and that original commit becomes,
it doesn't have any references
pointing to it, dangling.
It's eventually going to
be garbage collected.
So that new commit that we amended
is a copy of the original.
If you're just working on your local
computer, do this as much as you want.
It's a fast, quick, easy shortcut.